Mithril update 2024-10-09 (#480)
IntersectMBO/cardano-updates: blog/2024-10-09-mithril.md

---
title: Mithril Team Update
slug: 2024-10-09-mithril
authors: jpraynaud
tags: [mithril]
hide_table_of_contents: false
---

## High level overview

> The Mithril team continued working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They completed the implementation of the autonomous computation of the messages to be signed by the signer and they worked on adapting the way some signing configuration is broadcast to the signers. They also kept working on the preparation of the new Pythagoras Mithril era.
> 
> Finally, they started working on some refactoring of the Prometheus metrics in the signer, they fixed some minor bugs, they implemented some optimizations on the node logs and the aggregator REST API, and they made the Cardano transaction client stable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mithril team continued working on decentralizing the signature orchestration of the Mithril network. They completed the implementation of the autonomous computation of the messages to be signed by the signer and worked on adapting the way some signing configuration is broadcast to the signers. They also kept working on preparing for the new Pythagoras Mithril era.

Finally, they started working on refactoring the Prometheus metrics in the signer, fixed some minor bugs, implemented some optimizations on the node logs and the aggregator REST API, and made the Cardano transaction client stable.
```
